Create rule S6977: RLSE should be used in SPACE directive (#3922)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6977/jcl/rule.adoc

== Why is this an issue?

When the `RLSE` parameter is specified in a `SPACE` directive, the system releases unused space that has been allocated for the data set.

> Missing such a parameter would result in loss of space reserved for the data set. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Omitting this parameter can cause a waste of unneeded space reserved for the data set. 
```
